Add location-set as a generic type to Transport (#14)
lsd-ucsc/ChoRus: chorus_book/src/guide-transport.md

### The Local Transport

> The `local` transport is used to execute choreographies on the same machine on different threads. This is useful for testing and prototyping. Each `local` transport is defined over `LocalTransportChannel`, which contains the set of `ChoreographyLocation` that the `local` transport operates on. You can build a `LocalTransportChannel` by importing the `LocalTransportChannel` stsruct from the `chorus_lib` crate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `local` transport is used to execute choreographies on the same machine on different threads. This is useful for testing and prototyping. Each `local` transport is defined over `LocalTransportChannel`, which contains the set of `ChoreographyLocation` that the `local` transport operates on. You can build a `LocalTransportChannel` by importing the `LocalTransportChannel` struct from the `chorus_lib` crate.
```

```rust
# extern crate chorus_lib;
# use chorus_lib::core::{ChoreographyLocation};
# use chorus_lib::{LocationSet};
# #[derive(ChoreographyLocation)]
# struct Alice;
# #[derive(ChoreographyLocation)]
# struct Bob;
use chorus_lib::transport::local::LocalTransportChannel;

let transport_channel = LocalTransportChannel::new().with(Alice).with(Bob);
```

> To use the `local` transport, first import the `LocalTransport` struct from the `chorus_lib` crate.

Reviewer: This sentence seems redundant.

Author: Well, we have this sentence in the current version of the [book](https://lsd-ucsc.github.io/ChoRus/guide-transport.html): "To use the `local` transport, import the `LocalTransport` struct from the `chorus_lib` crate." 
In this commit, it's just in a different paragraph. But if you do think that it shouldn't have been there in the first place, sure! I'll delete it.

The `http` transport is used to execute choreographies on different machines. This is useful for executing choreographies in a distributed system.

To use the `http` transport, import the `HttpTransport` struct and the `HttpTransportConfig` type alias from the `chorus_lib` crate.

```rust
# extern crate chorus_lib;
use chorus_lib::transport::http::{HttpTransport, HttpTransportConfig};
```

> The primary constructor requires an argument of type `HttpTransportConfig`. To create an instance of this configuration, utilize the builder pattern. Start with `HttpTransportConfig::for_target(target_location, target_information)` and then chain additional locations using the `.with(other_location, other_location_information)` method. Conclude with `.build()`. In this context, `target_location` refers to the target `ChoreographyLocation`, and `target_information` is specifically a tuple of `(host_name: String, port: u16)`. Subsequent calls to `.with()` allow you to add more locations and their respective information. For the `HttpTransport`, think of `HttpTransportConfig` as a mapping from locations to their hostnames and ports. However, for other generic transports, the corresponding information might vary, potentially diverging from the `(host_name, port)` format presented here.  In some cases, the `target_information` could even have a different type than the following `other_location_information` types. But all the `other_location_information`s should have the same type.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we have to say it is a "builder pattern" here. 

Also, I don't think we have to talk about other transport here. You probably want to mention how `TransportConfig` can be adjusted to a custom transport in the `Creating a Custom Transport` section later on this page.

The `http` transport is used to execute choreographies on different machines. This is useful for executing choreographies in a distributed system.

To use the `http` transport, import the `HttpTransport` struct and the `HttpTransportConfig` type alias from the `chorus_lib` crate.

```rust
# extern crate chorus_lib;
use chorus_lib::transport::http::{HttpTransport, HttpTransportConfig};
```

> The primary constructor requires an argument of type `HttpTransportConfig`. To create an instance of this configuration, start with `HttpTransportConfig::for_target(target_location, target_information)` and then chain additional locations using the `.with(other_location, other_location_information)` method. In this context, `target_location` refers to the target `ChoreographyLocation`, and `target_information` is specifically a tuple of `(host_name: String, port: u16)`. Subsequent calls to `.with()` allow you to add more locations and their respective information. You can think of `HttpTransportConfig` as a mapping from locations to their hostnames and ports.

Reviewer: I think this sentence is still generic. 

```suggestion
The primary constructor requires an argument of type `HttpTransportConfig`. To create an instance of this configuration, start with `HttpTransportConfig::for_target(target_location, (hostname, port))`. It will create set a projection target and the hostname and port to listen on. Then, provide information to connect to other locations by method-chaining the `.with(other_location, (hostname, port))` method. You can think of `HttpTransportConfig` as a mapping from locations to their hostnames and ports.
```
